[OSDOCS#3671]: Gathering and interpreting cv history (#69380)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gathering-clusterversion-history-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * updating/troubleshooting_updates/gathering-data-cluster-update.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gathering-clusterversion-history-console_{context}"]
= Gathering ClusterVersion history in the {product-title} web console

> To view the ClusterVersion history in the {product-title} web console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the ClusterVersion history in the {product-title} web console.
```
